hey guys Nicole 07 here and welcome to
my youtube channel yeah mom yeah this is
private match to be Toph game
quickscoping and these guys
trash-talking me and garrett which is
king of you um and I wonder faces in a
to be too quick scoping so we did and
personally I don't like trash talking
because it annoys me pretty bad but
whatever I was just like sure we can do
the to beat oh you really want and stuff
so yeah and this is the gameplay um by
the way king of use youtube channel is
puzzling King if you want to check that
out he tells mw3 videos in Minecraft
videos too but he doesn't do minecraft
Xbox video he actually does it on the
computer so yeah um that is my new
channel no channel was the ultimate DVD
force if you want to check that out i'll
put that put up a puzzling Kings link in
the description in a poke my old
channels link in the description both
sides that um yeah I have a dazzle
that's what I record within I used
pinnacle but I am getting HD capture
card which I'll also put that in the
description if you want to check it out
130 bucks it's actually pretty good it's
HD and it doesn't actually plug into the
computer you plug a flash drive into it
go straight from your xbox um into the
flash drive it's pretty cool but yeah um
it's pretty cool and I'm sorry for
saying umph because i'm not the best
commentator ever so yeah but in about
like one month or so I be getting um my
HD capture card because it will be my
birthday and I am turning 15
jun 25th so yeah it's pretty cool oh
yeah this is a pretty good gameplay what
I'm using is sleight of hand quick draw
obviously and um it's my third perk I
don't know I don't know what method
practice oh wait I did it oh yeah it's
dead silence then I'm running I really
hope this call that anyway no I can't
think right now but yeah it's pretty
pretty nice gameplay obviously it's in a
private match but would mean get it with
your to be tues online and stuff and um
you guys want to do to be tues any time
I don't really care but that's we're
going to do a series of to be tues and
hopefully i will progress it as a
commentator because right now it's suck
and i know i suck and yeah i am
definitely not the best quick scoper i'm
okay i quickly well i'm pretty good at
quickscoping i guess i like quickscoping
better than using a regular gun but you
know how it is but yeah these kids are
trash talking and then okay obviously
lose by a lot that i should upload it
it's not very close of a game um it was
pretty pretty pretty fun pretty fun game
um I record minecraft on the xbox we
want to check out those videos are
pretty pretty cool I'm thinking about
we'll have like a pretty cool house
right now in Minecraft but I'm thinking
about going off somewhere else in my
world and making the whole whole new
house which is just starting from
scratch but nothing again and do a
gameplay of that which I guess would be
pretty cool and what other modern
warfare 3 videos you want me to do I
could use regular guns or I could to
quickscope online like mother video or
whatever whatever you guys ever you guys
want you guys are the fans guys are the
cool peeps the ones that are like
watching my video right now it's pretty
awesome now that that the predator
missile that that that was really
annoying you said no cat freaks and
actually shouldn't have used a portable
radar but you know I I don't care they
were using total radars too but maybe I
should stop using them since we are kind
of winning by a lot I don't know yeah so
this is basically my intro video to my
new channel I guess another video my mic
decide not to work but I was like if
that I'm just gonna just kind of upload
I'm gonna upload it without commentators
come and think they're called me so yeah
um I know that I'm like only like 15 I
really do sound like I'm young I don't
know if it's my mic or it's just me but
I know I sound fun but I'm 15 so yeah
well I'm almost 15
so I mean I know I'm gonna probably get
comment saying is this a little kid why
is he so smile eyes don't commentaries
on this game and then I'll just black
sadface know now that everyone will be
like haha what a loser yeah um you guys
are pretty awesome and this video is
about to come to an end oh yeah g60
after the kill I should probably
trickshot it but you know what you know
how it is black and yellow what
quickscope tree city true and I have
yeah okay whatever um so like in flavor
subscribe if you're awesome and I'm out